---
title: "Biiraiverse Fanfiction Contest"
---

To celebrate the 50th livestream on our channel,[^1] we'd like to give the talented members of our community an opportunity to have a more active hand in shaping the lore of the Biiraiverse. To that end, we're holding a **Biiraiverse Fanfiction Contest**!

[^1]: Albeit somewhat belatedly: [stream #50](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1TRSfSF75s) aired on August 16, 2022.

The winner will have their submission **canonized** as part of the history of the Biiraiverse. Additionally, we'll produce a video in which Colin will narrate the story, and excerpts from the story will be used as translation prompts for future conlanging.

The winner will be chosen based on a community vote of all eligible entries.

Here's the prompt:

> The year is 200BP (before present). A group of merchants from the coastal [[notes/Pkwak|Pkwak]]-speaking regions of [[notes/Continent A|Continent A]] make a voyage into the inland desert to obtain valuable goods to sell in their homeland. But the desert is [[notes/Biirai (language)|Biirai]] land, and the travellers have a lot to learn. Adventure ensures.

Feel free to ask any worldbuilding clarification questions in the `#biiraiverse` channel in the [Discord](https://discord.gg/chCmQgE99a).

## Logistics

Here are the details

- Maximum length: **1000 words**.
- Deadline for submission: **October 4, 2022, 2:00pm Eastern time**.
- Content: Keep it suitable for all ages to comply with Youtube guidelines.
- Submission: Post the file to the `#fanfiction` channel in the [Discord](https://discord.gg/chCmQgE99a).
- Licence: You agree to release the text under the Creative Commons licence [CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/) (as is all Biiraiverse material).

## Frequently Asked Questions

> [!FAQ] How can we name the Pkwak-speaking characters?
>
> For help in naming characters, consult the [[notes/Pan-Sakrat naming practices|Pan-Sakrat naming practices]] page.

> [!FAQ] Can we coin Biirai words and put them in a glossary at the bottom for when we use them for proper nouns and such?
> 
> Yes, that's a great idea!

> [!FAQ] Since the contest page mentions that some passages may be translated in a livestream, could we write it all in English and then use font color to indicate what language the dialogues should be spoken in?
> 
> Another great idea!

> [!FAQ] Would going over 1000 words disqualify an entry?
>
> If you go a bit over 1000, it's no big deal. If it's substantially over, we'll just take a 1000 word subsection and record it if it wins.

> [!FAQ] What kinds of transport would there be from the Pkwak region to the Biirai region? What form would the merchants likely use?
> 
> There's the possibility of river travel at least part of the way since we haven't sketched out rivers yet and there very well could be some.
> 
> Native to [[notes/Continent A|Continent A]] are two animals that may be of interest:
> - Pre-Pkwak [[notes/Qaña|*qaɲa]] "A mammal which gives wool and milk like an alpaca"
> - Pre-Pkwak [[notes/Xangi|*xaŋi]] "A large mammal used as a beast of burden like a camel."
>  
> By this point in history, they'd also have access to an animal from [[notes/Continent E|Continent E]]:
> - Pre-Qal [[notes/Ndulh|*nɗɯʎ]] "a mammal used as a beast of burden like a horse."



